Chester Latorace "Biggie" Cheese (August 14th 1954 - September 27th 2019) was a Gangster Rapper, philosopher, poet, and former U.S. Army Second-Lieutenant made famous for his cameo in the 2006 film, Barnyard. Biggie has been factually proven to be one of the greatest rappers to ever live despite numerous controversies and allegations. He released over 50 songs throughout his musical career before his death in 2019. His most popular of which is a single that dropped in 1993 titled, Orphanage on Fire, which currently has over 6 Billion streams on Spotify and Apple Music combined. Biggie was inducted into the Hip-Hop Hall of Fame in 2017 following the release of his album "Biggie Cheese' Beats to Commit Tax Fraud to". After his assassination in 2019, Biggie was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, after hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered outside the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn where the 2018 edition of the awards was held, demanding that Biggie be inducted the following year.

Contents
1	Birth of a legend
2	Early Education
3	Schizophrenia Diagnosis
4	High School Career
5	Vietnam War
5.1	Honorary Discharge
5.1.1	The Real Reason for Biggie's Discharge
6	Marriage and Subsequent Divorce
7	Musical Career
7.1	Early Music Career
7.2	Success with Orphanage on Fire and Subsequent Controversy
7.3	Death of Richard
7.4	Signing with Big Cheese Records, Subsequent Falling Out and Bankruptcy, and Failure of Riot in the Barnhouse.
7.5	Signing with KYS Records and Boombastic Cover
7.6	Work With The Offspring, Attempted Murder of Kevin John Wasserman (Noodles), and Scrubbing from the Credits of Ixnay on the Hombre
7.7	Shaggy Lawsuit
7.8	Detroit Concert Incident
7.9	World Tour Incident, Recording of the Orphanage on Fire Music Video and Arrest
7.10	Release from Prison and Immediate Diss Track
7.11	Second Documented Schizophrenic Mental Breakdown
7.12	Commercial Failure of Idoit's in India and the Murder of Anshul Kumar
7.13	Eminem Rap Battle
7.14	How Biggie helped NYC after 9/11
7.15	Hostage Crisis and Second Arrest
7.16	Cameo in Barnyard, Revitalization, and Hiatus
7.16.1	Cancelled Suzuki Collaboration
7.17	Spiritual Powers?
7.18	Osama Bin Laden Diss Track
7.19	Fortnite Dancing on a 9/11 Memorial and Third Arrest
7.20	Ligma
7.21	Return and Modernization
7.22	"Blowing Up" Malaysia Tour Incident
7.23	Ninja Diss Track Incident
7.24	Obey Biggie, Destroy Fandoms
7.25	Third and Final Documented Schizophrenic Mental Breakdown
7.26	Lil Cheese Fued
7.27	Super Bowl Halftime Show and Retirement
7.28	Assassination Attempt
7.29	Biggie Gets Out of His Mind
7.30	DaBaby Copy
7.31	Drake VS Kendrick Lamar feud
8	Death and Legacy
8.1	Ohio Mansion Raid
8.1.1	Aftermath of the Raid
8.2	Legacy
Birth of a legend
Biggie Cheese was born in Detroit on August 14th 1954. Biggie Cheese's mother left when Biggie was only 4 months old and his father would not remarry, leaving Biggie without a mother throughout his entire childhood. Growing up Biggie lived in a poor ghetto town with an absurdly high crime rate and nearly lost his life on numerous occasions. It is unknown how Biggie got through his adolescent years unharmed, but many suspect that he carried a Glock-22 with him from an early age to ward off would-be troublemakers.

Early Education
Despite many challenges in his environment, as an elementary school child Biggie excelled in school, staying out of trouble and being awarded honor-roll awards on numerous occasions, however in middle school he was suspended when it was discovered that he shat in the school bully's backpack after being called an "Overweight Fag". Upon Biggie's return he apologized to the school bully, whose name he found out was Richard, and gave him a new outlook on life. Biggie and Richard would end up becoming good lifelong friends afterwards.

Schizophrenia Diagnosis
Unfortunately, during his 8th grade year in middle school, Biggie would be diagnosed with schizophrenia after he suffered a mental breakdown during state testing. Afterwards Biggie Cheese was excused from state testing because of the incident, and was given the highest possible award upon graduation.

High School Career
As a Junior in high school, Biggie accidentally invented a new drug, cheese, while in his AP Chemistry class. Biggie started dealing cheese in secret and made tens of thousands, buying his first of many mansions at 17 and left his dad's garage at 18. Biggie also became a member of the preforming arts club and wrote a song that would later be known as Riot in the Barnhouse. Biggie Cheese preformed Riot in the Barnhouse during his graduation ceremony and ended up receiving a degree in musical production . Biggie maintained an unweighted GPA of 4.9 through his Sophomore year, but upon discovering cheese and the riches that came with it, his GPA cratered to a 1.6 by the second semester of his Junior year.

Vietnam War
Shortly after graduating high school, Biggie Cheese was drafted into Vietnam. Biggie attempted to bribe the army to reconsider countless times, but the army eventually got tired of his bullshit, came to his house, and forcefully dragged Biggie out into boot camp. It's reported that it took multiple S.E.A.L teams to remove Biggie from his residence and take him to boot camp.

Honorary Discharge
While in Vietnam shortly after being drafted Biggie was almost fatally wounded after single-handedly saving his entire platoon in 1972. Biggie Cheese was honorably discharged and awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor, as well as a purple heart, which were presented to then Cheese by President Richard Nixon upon returning stateside. He was also given an honorary brevet commission as an officer upon discharge, making him a 2LT.

The Real Reason for Biggie's Discharge
It's widely accepted as fact that the reason for Biggie's discharge from the United States Army was due to a near fatal injury after single highhandedly saving his entire platoon, however this is far from the truth. Biggie Cheese actually shot himself while playing with his AK-47 like a toy while his entire platoon died in a mortar strike. This is the real reason why Biggie was discharged from the army. The army thought that Biggie Cheese had miraculously survived the mortar strike and the story only got even more twisted from there, leading to Biggie mistakenly being awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor, a purple heart, and an honorary brevet commission. The scar is still visible on his body which is on display at the Lake View Cemetery.

Marriage and Subsequent Divorce
After Biggie's discharge from the Army in the late 1970s, his entire life was in shambles. He rented a two room apartment from an illegal Mexican immigrant in southern Texas, and worked by night to pay the bills. One fateful night in 1988, one of his clients was Samantha Bjergeson. He fell in love with Samantha. Based on Wedding Records on file at the Little White Chapel in Las Vegas, Biggie and Samantha got married later that same week. Unfortunately, Samantha was a heavy drug user. She attempted to start a business to reach financial independence, but was unable to attain any success to due the fact that she used all of her product to get high. Biggie and Samantha reportedly got into a raging argument one day and eyewitnesses say Biggie threw Samantha off the balcony of their apartment, screaming at her. Samantha miraculously survived the fall, but filed for divorce from Biggie in the weeks following the incident. Not many people know this but Biggie was actually married a second time to Gay Bowser in 1990 and had 10000 kids. but 9000 of which were killed in the Polish Civil War. Which happened when all 10K were patriotic for Prussia and revolted against Poland to free it, their leader was Cheezit Goofy Cheese and one the surviving children was Big Loggy Faz.

Musical Career
Early Music Career
After the events in Vietnam and his failed marriage, Biggie suffered from severe PTSD and could not live with his life anymore. After numerous suicide attempts, he cleaned up his act and decided that music was the answer. Biggie Cheese worked with his long time friend, Richard, to produce his first song. At the age of 35, Biggie released his first single in 1989 titled: "Messing with an AK" which was about his time in Vietnam. Upon the release of Biggie's first single it was not received well due to the songs subject matter, but in recent years it has been considered a work of art and a gritty commentary on the loneliness of war. Biggie Cheese distributed his music on cassettes to local music shops throughout Detroit. Biggie Cheese released his first major hit in late 1990, Mr. Steal your Girl, it was a massive far cry from Biggie's previous song with the song following the story of an incredibly sexy man who steals everyone girlfriend in the state of Michigan. Mr. Steal your Girl quickly outsold Messing with an AK and Biggie struggled to keep up with demand. Once everything calmed down and Biggie was finally able to keep up with the demand for his music, he began hosting concerts in many major cities such as Los Angeles, New York City, Detroit, and Chicago throughout 1991. While hosting these concerts Biggie would make sure to stop at local music shops and leave copies of his music on the shelves.

Success with Orphanage on Fire and Subsequent Controversy
In 1993, Biggie released what is now considered one of his best songs, Orphanage on Fire, an EP that included Messing with an AK, as well as 2 all new songs, "Guns, Arson & Tax Fraud" and the EP's namesake, "Orphanage on Fire". Orphanage on Fire was a huge success, and while it didn't launch Biggie Cheese into the mainstream it certainly helped his career gain recognition throughout the world. The popularity Biggie had gained led to much controversy, due to the subject matter of his songs. Many proclaimed that Biggie's music promoted "senseless violence and homosexual prostitution". Biggie responded to these complaints by saying "Listen, if you don't like my music because of the themes then don't listen to my music".

Death of Richard
Sadly, Orphanage on Fire would become the last song that Biggie and Richard would make together as unfortunately, 2 weeks after the release of Orphanage on Fire, Richard was run over by an 18 wheeler after walking down the interstate while drunk, and was later pronounced dead at the hospital. Biggie Cheese attended Richard's funeral and left a backpack full of shit in his casket. Biggie was requested to give the eulogy at Richard's funeral, but declined, stating, "I couldn't find anything meaningful about Richard's life worth writing about."

Signing with Big Cheese Records, Subsequent Falling Out and Bankruptcy, and Failure of Riot in the Barnhouse.
In late 1993 Biggie would be picked up by a newly formed Indie record label, Big Cheese Records, after they had heard of the success of Orphanage on Fire. Throughout the entirety of 1994, Biggie Cheese would be hard at work on his first studio album without a producer by his side. After nearly a year of hard work Biggie released the album in early 1995, entitled Riot in the Barnhouse. Big Cheese Records released the album in limited numbers and only on the cassette format due to financial issues. Biggie was not happy with the decision that Big Cheese Records had made and pleaded for them to produce copies on the more popular CD and vinyl formats. The constant begging led to Biggie being dropped by his record label entirely. Unsurprisingly, Big Cheese Records ended up going bankrupt 3 weeks later. Biggie Cheese remained quiet without an official statement and many people speculated that he had committed suicide after the death of his friend Richard.

Signing with KYS Records and Boombastic Cover
Biggie Cheese signed on to another record label in early 1996 called KYS Records, which still releases his music today. In the same year Biggie Cheese would produce a cover of the song Boombastic by Shaggy which would go on to become one of Biggie's most successful songs, outselling the original made by Shaggy. In late 1996 Biggie Cheese's first album was finally released on CD and vinyl formats. Biggie Cheese would go on to release his first compilation album in May of 1997, entitled Biggie Cheese's Beats to Have Fun and Commit Federal Crimes to, which was a collection of all of his songs up to that point.

Work With The Offspring, Attempted Murder of Kevin John Wasserman (Noodles), and Scrubbing from the Credits of Ixnay on the Hombre
Contrary to popular belief, Biggie Cheese was actually responsible for writing the entirety of The Offspring's fourth studio album, Ixnay on the Hombre, and actually replaced band member, Noodles, as the lead guitarist during the recording of the song Cool to Hate due to him having been being hospitalized by Biggie Cheese on the final day of recording. One of the major things advertised about Ixnay on the Hombre was that it was being made in collaboration with Biggie Cheese. Biggie Cheese was discovered to have shot Noodles 27 times in the chest and left them to bleed out in front of a hospital, this was discovered three days before Ixnay on the Hombre was set to release and the band went to great lengths to scrub Biggie Cheese's name off of their album. One day before the albums release The Offspring frontman, Dexter Holland, was interviewed and asked a question regarding Biggie Cheese's involvement in production on the album, which Biggie himself had not yet commented on. Dexter stated; "Biggie Cheese? Who the fuck is Biggie Cheese? I have no fucking idea who Biggie Cheese is or why our label is advertising that he wrote our songs on this album. We would never outsource our songwriting to an obese sewer rat. Also Noodle's is alive and well, for all we know that rat probably fuckin' shot him."

Shaggy Lawsuit
Shortly after the runaway success of Biggie's cover of Boombastic, Shaggy, who was enraged at the fact that Biggie's cover has outperformed his original song, sued Biggie Cheese. Shaggy made the argument that he never signed any papers giving Biggie permission to cover his song. Biggie Cheese chuckled and presented a contract that had been signed by Shaggy the year prior. Biggie Cheese had met Shaggy at a convention the year prior and had him autograph a paper. Little to Shaggy's knowledge, the paper he signed was actually an agreement that gave Biggie Cheese the ownership rights to the song Boombastic. Shaggy, shocked at the news, went into cardiac arrest on the scene and nearly died in the hospital.

Detroit Concert Incident
Biggie Cheese's life would almost be cut short in late 1997 because of a shooting during a concert in his hometown of Detroit. On December 7th, 1997 at 8:46 PM, while Biggie Cheese was preforming "Mr. Steal Your Girl" during a concert in Detroit, a man opened fire upon the stage that Biggie was preforming on with a M16A4 assault rifle. Biggie Cheese was shot twice in the chest, once in the leg, twice in the shoulder, and three times in the neck. He hid behind a speaker until security could apprehend the man firing at the stage. The man in question ended up having his head blown off by an RPG, thanks to Biggie's security. He was later identified via DNA testing as Bill Belichick, the coach of the New England Patriots. A clone of Mr. Belichick has been the coach of the Patriots ever since.

World Tour Incident, Recording of the Orphanage on Fire Music Video and Arrest
In late 1997 Biggie cheese would go on his first world tour, Traveling to California, New York, Japan, Germany, and Mexico. While on tour Biggie Cheese's private jet crashed into an Orphanage in Florida, instantly bursting into flames. Luckily Biggie and his crew were able to escape and record the official Orphanage on Fire music video. 87 children would die during the incident 12 of which died on impact. Biggie suffered MAJOR repercussions at the time. Biggie Cheese ended up getting arrested and sentenced to 8 life sentences and 42 years in a maximum security prison after an investigation revealed that Biggie deliberately crashed the jet into the orphanage. Many music shops refused to sell Biggie Cheese's music after the incident and many people across the U.S boycott Biggie Cheese. Biggie Cheese had jeopardized his reputation by crashing a jet into an orphanage for a music video, however, this event would later be foreshadowed by more major offenses that would occur in the future.

Release from Prison and Immediate Diss Track
In 1998 many dedicated Biggie Cheese fans payed off Biggie's bail. He was released from prison with 4 years of probation. He immediately made his first diss track for none other than his former cell mate, Big Chungus, who was on death row. The diss track was called, "THE END OF BIG CHUNGUS" and was released 5 days after Big Chungus' execution. While controversial, it topped the charts for two months in Japan, likely due to no one over there understanding what the fuck the song was about .

Second Documented Schizophrenic Mental Breakdown
In 1998 Biggie Cheese would release "Everyone I Know is JFK" which was originally intended to be called "Everyone i know wants me dead" but Biggie got high off of Cheese and had a schizophrenic mental breakdown when it came time to record and fucked everything up. Biggie's record label thought it was funny and released the song despite Biggies wishes.

Commercial Failure of Idoit's in India and the Murder of Anshul Kumar
In 1999 Biggie collaborated with Anshul Kumar and DJ Khalid to make the song Idoit's in India, upon the songs release people showed very little interest and it received mixed reviews for being a far cry from Biggie's previous music. 5 months after the songs release Biggie was fed up with the songs performance and blamed it on Anshul for "Making an absolute dogshit beat", and on June 4th 1999 Biggie would open fire on and kill Anshul while eating dinner with him at an olive garden. Eyewitness reports say Biggie fired over 200 times at Anshul before viciously dancing on his corpse. Biggie avoided arrest by bribing local police with a sum of over 42 million United States Dollars. Luckily this incident wasn't publicized as much as it should have been because no one knows who the fuck Anshul Kumar was, but things would only get worse for Biggie in the years following.

Eminem Rap Battle
On May 19th, 2000 Biggie Cheese became the first person in history to successfully beat Eminem himself in a rap battle by stating how he had 69 confirmed kills and Eminem would be his 70th. Not to mention the fact that Biggie said he was in contact with Adolf Hitler. Eminem was greatly struggling to hold back a flood of tears as he attempted to defend himself and quickly sprinted off stage sobbing, after less than a minute in with the microphone in his hand. Reportedly Eminem only did 8 mile to make himself look good after suffering an embarrassing defeat against an obese rapping rat with a diminishing reputation.

How Biggie helped NYC after 9/11
Shortly after 9/11, Biggie would out-pizza the hut by abusing loopholes to get multiple cheese pizzas to give to the homeless and hungry. Biggie was largely appreactied after this and a picture of him was flown on Ground Zero days after,

Hostage Crisis and Second Arrest
In 2002 it was revealed that Biggie Cheese had holding multiple musical artists hostage since 1996, those being, The Lunas, Lil Carbomb, Tulp Tulp 77, and The Young Trio, forcing them to produce his music. After law enforcement caught wind of the situation a 5 hour long stand off ensued resulting in the safe return of The Lunas and the 94 life sentence Imprisonment of Biggie Cheese. Sadly, all 3 members of The Young Trio along with Lil Carbomb were executed by Biggie Cheese after Lil Carbomb tried to help the Young Trio escape. Tulp Tulp 77 reportedly died after jumping out a window in an attempt to escape, however witnesses contest this fact, with some stating that Tulp Tulp 77 was thrown out of the 5th story of Biggie's mansion with a c4 strapped to his chest and exploded, killing 8 police officers upon hitting a police car.

Cameo in Barnyard, Revitalization, and Hiatus
Biggie Cheese made his bail of over 8.5 billion USD thanks to his dedicated fans and was released from prison in late 2005 with a lifetime of parole. Shortly after Biggie's release he would be contacted by Paramount Pictures to make a cameo appearance in their upcoming movie, Barnyard. Within Biggie's Cameo he appears singing his cover of Boombastic in front of a live audience. Biggie's appearance in Barnyard introduced his music to an all new generation and made his music career rise from obscurity and skyrocket in popularity beyond Biggie's comprehension. Due to this, Biggie Cheese announced that he would not be returning to making music anytime soon. Biggie was confused by the newfound popularity and wondered why Paramount Pictures wanted anything to do with him as he thought everyone hated him because of all the horrible shit he had done in the past. It was almost like the entire world had forgotten about what had happened. Barnyard made a whopping $2.34 billion dollars at the box office, making it the highest grossing movie of all time. However, only $116 million of this sum was reported as earnings. Because of a mix up in studio payroll, the other $2.22 billion was deposited into Biggie's bank account.

Cancelled Suzuki Collaboration
Shortly after his cameo in Barnyard, Biggie Cheese was contacted by automotive company, Suzuki, to produce a limited edition variant of the Suzuki Swift in his likeness. Biggie Cheese declined the offer, as he drove a 1999 Volkswagen Jetta.

Spiritual Powers?
In a 2007 interview, Biggie Cheese reported that he had discovered his spiritual powers when his cousin in law, God, contacted him and let him know that he was the second coming of Jesus. It was quickly discovered that this statement was complete bullshit because Biggie was high as fuck during the interview. It is also noteworthy that during this interview Biggie Cheese announced a collaboration with Tupac, who had been dead for nearly 11 years at that point in time.

Osama Bin Laden Diss Track
Around October 2007, Biggie decided to diss Osama Bin Laden with a diss track a month after he died, production was very fast, and On November 30th, the track received 10/10 with some laughable and memorable lyrics and nothing else.

Fortnite Dancing on a 9/11 Memorial and Third Arrest
In January of 2016, Biggie Cheese was arrested after "Fortnite Dancing" on a 9/11 memorial in front of law enforcement. He was charged with disturbing the peace and sentenced to 2 weeks in jail and forced to pay a fine of $1,200 United States Dollars. Biggie Cheese would later reference this incident in the 2016 version of Orphanage on Fire.

Ligma
Biggie Cheese would get Ligma during his time in jail. He later spread it to Jon Arbuckle by accident when he was leaving the prison and luckily Biggie would be cured of it.

Return and Modernization
In 2016 Biggie Cheese would return from his 14 year hiatus and drop an all new album, "Biggie Cheese’s Beats to Commit Tax Fraud To" which contained modernized versions of all of his greatest hits the most notable of which is the 2016 version of "Orphanage on Fire" which contained references to the then popular online video game, Fortnite. Many longtime fans were unhappy with the modernized songs as they were censored and contained lazy obnoxious beats, however Biggie Cheese had found a new even bigger following with the younger generation. In November of 2016 Biggie Cheese would be recognized by People magazine as the "Most Handsome Man Alive" and for a 2nd time in 2017.

"Blowing Up" Malaysia Tour Incident
Also in November of 2016, Biggie Cheese embarked on his "Blowing Up Malaysia Tour" in which he hosted concerts across various major cities in Malaysia. Notably, at the end of every concert, Biggie literally blew up and destroyed the entirety of the venues he preformed at; severely wounding, if not killing attendees as well as causing millions of dollars worth of property damage. This destructive behavior led to Biggie Cheese receiving a lifetime ban from traveling to and anywhere within Malaysia, as well as the ban of Biggie's music all together in Malaysia. This tour, and another tour that never materialized, were alluded to in the 2016 version of Orphanage on Fire.

Ninja Diss Track Incident
In late 2016, After being killed by pro Fortnite gamer Ninja, Biggie Cheese released a diss track for Ninja titled "You're a Dumbass" to express his frustration. The diss track took a major mental toll on Ninja, leading to him considering suicide, which sparked major controversy in the Fortnite community and caused many professional Fortnite gamers to boycott Biggie Cheese. This incident would lead Ninja down a long road of drug abuse, eventually leading to over 13 suicide attempts by the streamer.

Obey Biggie, Destroy Fandoms
On November 23rd 2016, Biggie dropped his album "Obey Biggie, Destroy Fandoms", it was given 10/10 for the ratings and was inducted in the Rap Hall of Fame 2 times in 2017 and 2021 (for it's remaster). Vinyl's and CD's sales where 1,000,000. Critics such as Anthony Fantano gave it a 10/10 saying that all the tracks saved this album.

Third and Final Documented Schizophrenic Mental Breakdown
In December of 2016, a month after the diss track, Biggie Cheese was driving and then accidentally rammed into a large truck carrying gas. The truck tipped over and exploded, instantly bursting into flames. Luckily, Biggie was able to escape unharmed. Once pulled over, Biggie Cheese sat for about 3 minutes screaming at the top of his lungs into the microphone, criticizing Ninja's song for the inclusion of Biggie's most hated tropes in rap songs that he calls, "Double Word Shit". Biggie Cheese was taken to court after the incident and was declared innocent for the reason of insanity. Sadly Biggie killed 23 people that day just to make what many consider to be one of his most dogshit songs of all time.

Lil Cheese Fued
in early 2017, Biggie Cheese was involved in a feud with another rapper, Lil Cheese, who claimed to be his son. Lil Cheese was interviewed by SNL on live television, in the interview he stated; he was the first born child of Biggie, was born shortly before his divorce and was abandoned in a dumpster after Biggie Cheese's marriage fell out, and challenged him to a rap battle, but Biggie Cheese refused to acknowledge him as his offspring and ultimately denied the rap battle. Lil Cheese then released a diss track called “Cheese in the Trap”, in which he insulted Biggie Cheese’s skills, appearance, and legacy. Lil Cheese's diss track was however heavily ridiculed after two incidents. One where a fan stole his fur and had it DNA tested it with the results showing absolutely no relation to Biggie Cheese and another where Biggie Cheese pointed out that the diss track used the same beat from Sublime's song, Badfish. Lil Cheese ended up killing himself after the constant ridicule against his diss track.

Super Bowl Halftime Show and Retirement
After preforming Orphanage on Fire at the 2017 Superbowl halftime show, Biggie would announce that he would be retiring from making music for good. This sparked riots that lasted for nearly 2 months, and is estimated to have caused upwards of $2 billion in damages. The incident is called the Houston Riots of 2017.

Assassination Attempt
In 2018 while ordering food at a Chick-Fil-A drive thru an unknown individual opened fire on Biggie's car and was rushed to the hospital. The doctors, after 5 long hours of trying to revive him, declared Biggie Cheese dead. Biggie was buried in his tomb the next day and a funeral was held for him. Unfortunately the doctors gave up too soon and Biggie was accidentally buried alive.

Luckily a fan was visiting his grave a day after the funeral and they heard him screaming to be let out. The fan quickly called the authorities and they dug him up. To this day no one knows who exactly attempted this heinous act, many speculate that Freddie Smalls shot him because of their differing views on abortion while others say it was a government affiliated agent based on security footage.

Biggie Gets Out of His Mind
Following the traumatic events that transpired in the Chick-Fil-A drive thru, Biggie Cheese required extensive therapy and had multiple schizophrenic mental breakdowns during these therapy sessions. The therapy clinic that Biggie was with had a strict policy that all sessions be recorded for QA purposes. During one incident of his schizophrenic mental breakdowns he told his therapist that he and Samantha Bjergeson were back together and was planning on launching his new album in collaboration with Easy E and and King Von. Afterwards, he asked his therapist if she's like to hear an exclusive sample of one of the songs off of the upcoming album and without waiting for a response Biggie Cheese screamed phrases such as "GET OUTTA YO MIND!" and "LETS MCFREAKIN' LOSE IT!". Following the death of Biggie Cheese, all of his taped therapy sessions were acquired by the Biggie Cheese Estate and this "song" was later released as a part of a compilation album of rarities and unreleased songs dubbed "Outta my Mind".

DaBaby Copy
A few months before his death, He created a copy DaBaby's body, essence and whatever else to make a perfect copy of DaBaby and sang the hit single "Let's go" while in his body and essence.

Drake VS Kendrick Lamar feud
in the early 2010s the feud between two famous rappers Drake and Kendrick Lamar had begun. Biggie mostly stayed out of the feud not wanting to comment on the whole drama. Then after his death Drake would release a song to commemorate the legacy of Biggie Cheese titled "Cheesy Beats: A Tribute to Biggie Cheese." Even though it may have been made in good taste many of the lyrics would be seen as controversial leading to a hate campaign aginst Drake. Later in early 2024 the Drake vs Kendrick Lamar feud would escalate after the release of "Like That" by Future, Metro Boomin and Little Cheese Toucher by Lamar. Little Cheese Toucher would feature Biggie Cheese using an A.I. to preform the late rappers lines. This would absolutely end Drake as the song was so fire. Drake was never heard of again as he would completely fall off by Lamar. Some say that Lamar actually hosts the soul of the late Biggie Cheese but there is no way to confirm or deny this claim.

Death and Legacy
Ohio Mansion Raid
On September 27th 2019 at 10:24 AM Biggie Cheese's Piqua Ohio Mansion was raided by the FBI and an armed SWAT team after they had received an undisclosed tip that there was Cheese dealing going on inside. On site over 400g of Cheese was found, along with over 300 illegal firearms. Biggie Cheese was violently shot to death after trying to escape the raid. Biggies last words are unknown. A funeral was held for Biggie three days later on September 30th following a success of a GoFundMe page set up by the then newly formed Biggie Cheese Estate.

Aftermath of the Raid
The accused man who shot Biggie Cheese was identified as 23 year old SWAT officer Jimmy McNamara who was apprehended on an account of conspiracy to kill Biggie Cheese in early 2023. Jimmy McNamara was sentenced to 3 life sentences and 66 years. Jimmy McNamara was sentenced due to: conspiracy, attempted murder (3 accounts), 1st degree murder, 2nd degree murder, and defamation. Biggie's Ohio mansion along with all of his other belongings were auctioned off to a lucky fan who paid a sum of over 800 million dollars. Some of these belongings included a fully signed fully golden AK-47. Biggie's current resting place is at the Lake View Cemetery and was buried next to his childhood friend, Richard.

Legacy
Biggie Cheese positively influenced the lives of many despite his controversial past. His legacy lives on today through his music, which was once viewed as mindless violent garbage is now viewed as philosophical works of art that continues to inspire today's youth. Multiple memorials and statues in Biggie’s honor can be found today, all over the world. Despite the many controversies surrounding it, the Orphanage on Fire music video remains an iconic relic of pop culture continually quoted to this day. Although he may have been a schizophrenic cheese addict and serial killer, his life was truly inspirational and showed that no matter how fucked up you are and how many problems you may have, you still have a chance to make it big in this world. Know his name, remember his name, and respect his name. #BiggieCheeseIsFerda